oci-mirror role (#893)
redhatci/ansible-collection-redhatci-ocp: roles/oci_mirror/README.md

# oci_mirror

> Use `oc-mirror` to copy operator catalog images from a source index into a target registry.

Reviewer: I think the use of the tool for copying is less important as what the role accomplishes.

```Suggestion
Mirror OpenShift operator catalogs and images using oc-mirror.
```

> For supported layouts, the role builds an ImageSetConfiguration, then runs `oc-mirror` so content is pushed to **`om_target`**. You can instead set **`om_custom_config`**.

Reviewer: What is supported layouts?
```suggestion
The role builds an ImageSetConfiguration file used by `oc-mirror` to mirror content images to `om_target`. It is possible to use directly a configuration file through `om_custom_config`.
```

Author: The role is limited to render specific imageset configs. Not all the cases are covered, but the user can  provide its own imagesetconfig. 

You refactored the sentence properly.

## Requirements

- Network access to download tooling and to reach source/target registries
- Valid registry authentication when needed (e.g. `om_auths_file` or `DOCKER_CONFIG`)

## Role Variables

### Common variables

| Variable                       | Type    | Required | Default | Description                                                                                                                   |
|--------------------------------|---------|----------|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `om_target`                    | string  | yes      |         | Target registry (e.g. `registry.example.com:5000`)                                                                            |
| `om_target_versions`           | string  | yes\*    |         | `latest` or `all` for standard branches. Ignored when `om_custom_config` is set.                                              |

> | `om_custom_config`             | string  | no       |         | Path to a custom ImageSetConfiguration YAML. When set, runs the custom mirror after requirements and skips standard branches. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `om_custom_config`             | string  | no       |         | Path to a custom ImageSetConfiguration YAML. 
```
